Images in ChatGPT | OpenAI Help Center All Collections ChatGPT Images in ChatGPT Images in ChatGPT Learn how to create, edit, save, and manage images with ChatGPT Images. Updated: 7 days ago Overview ChatGPT Images lets you create new images and edit existing images in ChatGPT. You can ask ChatGPT to create an image in a conversation, or select More and then select Images . After you enter your prompt, ChatGPT Images generates the image you described. Image generation may take a few minutes, depending on the complexity of your request. You can keep using ChatGPT while the image is being created. ChatGPT Images can follow instructions to add text, add details within the image, or make the background transparent. You can also upload an existing image and describe the changes you want ChatGPT to make. Availability ChatGPT Images 2.0 is available on all tiers. Images with thinking is available on Plus, Pro, and Business. It is coming to Enterprise and Edu soon. ChatGPT Images is available on web, iOS, and Android. Create and edit images To create an image, describe the image you want ChatGPT to create. You can also select Images and enter a prompt. To edit an image, select an image generated by ChatGPT Images or upload an existing image, then describe the change you want. You can edit an image in two ways: Select part of the image with the selection tool, then describe the changes in chat. Skip the selection tool and describe the edit directly in the conversation panel. If you want the edit to apply to a specific area, include that area in your prompt. You can also generate images in any aspect ratio. Use the aspect ratio picker to choose a different resolution, or include your desired aspect ratio in your prompt. Use the editor The editor lets you add, remove, and update parts of your image. Highlights are not always precise, and edits may extend beyond the area you selected. To open the editor, select an image in your conversation or in Images . In the editor, you can: Select Select to highlight the area you want to edit. Select Aspect ratio to regenerate the image in a different aspect ratio. Select Undo or Redo to revise your selections. Select Cancel to start over. Select Save when you are finished. You can also describe your edit in the editor text box without using the selection tool. Edit images on mobile On the ChatGPT mobile app, select an image generated by ChatGPT Images to open the editor. Select Edit to describe your changes in the conversation panel. Select Select to use the selection tool and highlight the part of the image you want to edit. Use the slider to change the size of the selection tool, and use Undo and Redo to revise your selections. After you finish your selections, select Next . In the conversation panel, describe the changes you want to make to the highlighted areas. Highlights are not always precise, and edits may extend beyond the area you selected. Manage your images All images you create with ChatGPT are automatically saved under Images , so you can browse, revisit, and reuse them. You can access your images from Images on web and mobile. From there, select Create Image to create another image. To open an image, select it. From the image controls, you can: Select Copy to copy the image to your clipboard. Select Save to download the image to your device. Select Share to send it directly to another app. To delete an image from My images , delete the conversation where the image was created. On web, hover over the conversation title, select the more options menu (•••), and then select Delete . On iOS and Android, press and hold the conversation title, then select Delete in the menu. FAQ Can I still generate images with DALL·E on ChatGPT? ChatGPT Free, Plus, Business, and Pro users can still generate images with DALL·E using the DALL·E GPT. How can I report images generated by ChatGPT? If you encounter images generated by ChatGPT that may violate OpenAI's usage policies, use the content reporting guidelines to submit a report. Can GPTs use the new ChatGPT image generation model? Yes. GPTs with Image Generation enabled in Capabilities can create images using the new generation model. If you prefer to continue with DALL·E, you can still access it through the DALL·E GPT. Was this article helpful? Submit ChatGPT API Service Status Cookie Preferences