Creating images and videos in line with our policies | OpenAI Skip to main content 

 Log in 

 Switch to
 ChatGPT (opens in a new window) 
 Sora (opens in a new window) 
 API Platform (opens in a new window) 

 Research 

 Safety 

 For Business 

 For Developers 

 ChatGPT 

 Sora 

 Stories 

 Company 

 News 

 Research Back to main menu 

 Research Index 
 Research Overview 
 Research Residency 
 Latest Advancements 
 Sora 2 
 GPT-5 
 OpenAI o3 and o4-mini 
 GPT-4.5 
 OpenAI o1 
 GPT-4o 

 Safety Back to main menu 

 Safety Approach 
 Security & Privacy 

 For Business Back to main menu 

 Business Overview 
 Startups 
 Solutions 
 ChatGPT Pricing 
 API Pricing 
 Contact Sales 

 For Developers Back to main menu 

 API Platform 
 API Pricing 
 Agents 
 Codex 
 Open Models 
 Community (opens in a new window) 

 ChatGPT Back to main menu 

 Explore ChatGPT 
 Business 
 Enterprise 
 Education 
 Pricing 
 Download 

 Sora Back to main menu 

 Sora Overview 
 Help Center (opens in a new window) 
 Sora Log in (opens in a new window) 

 Stories 
 Company Back to main menu 

 About Us 
 Our Charter 
 Careers 
 Brand Guidelines 

 News 

 Log in 

 OpenAI Last updated: July 22, 2025

 Creating images and videos in line with our policies
 Below are some tips on how to respect our image and video generation guardrails and help ensure that all usage complies with OpenAI’s Usage Policies.

 1. Compliance with OpenAI’s Usage Policies 

 All ChatGPT and Sora users have agreed to OpenAI’s Usage Policies, Service Terms, and Terms of Use. These policies apply universally to OpenAI services and are designed to ensure safe and responsible usage of AI technology. You can review OpenAI’s Usage Policies here ⁠ . 

 1.1 Depictions of Real People 

 You may not edit images or videos that depict any real individual without their explicit consent. You may not create images or videos as means to impersonate, harass, intimidate, or otherwise harm the depicted individual or perpetrate fraud against others. 

 4o image generation is capable in many instances of generating depictions of a public figure based on a text prompt. Public figures who wish for their depiction not to be generated can let us know through this form ⁠ . 

 1.2 Inappropriate and Harmful Content 

 ChatGPT and Sora users are prohibited from creating or distributing content that promotes or causes harm. This includes content that is generated to harass, defame, promote violence, or sexualize children. Examples include, but are not limited to: 

 Non-consensual intimate imagery (NCII) 
 Content promoting suicide, self-harm or disordered eating 
 Content glorifying terrorism or terrorist organizations 
 Targeted harassment and bullying content 
 Age-inappropriate content distributed to minors 

 1.3 Misleading Content 

 Our policies prohibit any use of our image or video tools to create or distribute content that is used to defraud, scam, or mislead others. This includes taking steps to obscure or hide the use of AI technology in the image and video generation process. 

 1.4 Avoid illegal content or content that may violate intellectual property rights 

 OpenAI’s Terms of Use prohibit any content that may violate the law—including using the intellectual property of others in ways that violate their rights. 

 2. The Sora Feed 

 In addition to the usage and content generation policies above, we also take steps to ensure the Sora feed is appropriate and enjoyable to broad audiences, including removing content from the feed that features: 

 Realistic graphic violence or sexual acts 
 Extremely offensive language or content glorifying hatred or depression 
 Encouraging dangerous stunts or challenges likely to result in serious injury 
 Stigmatization of body types 
 Actively encouraging the use of a harmful drug or substance 

 3 . Reporting Violations 

 If you encounter content that you believe violates any of our policies, please report it immediately ⁠ . We take all violations seriously and will review reported content for compliance with our terms and the broader OpenAI Usage Policies. 

 Our Research Research Index 
 Research Overview 
 Research Residency 

 Latest Advancements GPT-5 
 OpenAI o3 
 OpenAI o4-mini 
 GPT-4o 
 GPT-4o mini 
 Sora 

 Safety Safety Approach 
 Security & Privacy 
 Trust & Transparency 

 ChatGPT Explore ChatGPT (opens in a new window) 
 Business 
 Enterprise 
 Education 
 Pricing (opens in a new window) 
 Download (opens in a new window) 

 Sora Sora Overview 
 Features 
 Pricing 
 Sora log in (opens in a new window) 

 API Platform Platform Overview 
 Pricing 
 API log in (opens in a new window) 
 Documentation (opens in a new window) 
 Developer Forum (opens in a new window) 

 For Business Business Overview 
 Solutions 
 Contact Sales 

 Company About Us 
 Our Charter 
 Careers 
 Brand 

 Support 
 More News 
 Stories 
 Livestreams 
 Podcast 

 Terms & Policies Terms of Use 
 Privacy Policy 
 Other Policies 

 (opens in a new window) (opens in a new window) (opens in a new window) (opens in a new window) (opens in a new window) (opens in a new window) (opens in a new window) 
 OpenAI © 2015–2025 Manage Cookies 
 English United States